Update minikf-gcp.md (#2300)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/workstation/minikf-gcp.md

> title = "Deploy using MiniKF on GCP"
> description = "Using Google Cloud Marketplace to deploy MiniKF (mini Kubeflow) on Google Cloud Platform (GCP)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Deploy with MiniKF on Google Cloud"
description = "Using Google Cloud Marketplace to deploy MiniKF (mini Kubeflow) on Google Cloud"
```

- It was "deploy using MiniKF..." (title) vs "using ... Marketplace to deploy... " (description), so I'm suggesting a tweak here. LMKWYT 🙂
- Also, GCP has rebranded, I think

> title = "Deploy using MiniKF on GCP"
> description = "Using Google Cloud Marketplace to deploy MiniKF (mini Kubeflow) on Google Cloud Platform (GCP)"
> weight = 40

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Deploy using MiniKF on GCP"
description = "Using Google Cloud Marketplace to deploy MiniKF (mini Kubeflow) on Google Cloud Platform (GCP)"
weight = 40

+++
```

Reviewer: Hello @jbottum! As @alfsuse said, the deployment is failing - take a look at the suggested change that should fix it

> +++

Reviewer 2: As per https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/2301 please add back this line to fix the deployment issue
